[SYNTH-11357] document 2h max pollingTimeout (#1083)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/synthetics/README.md

| `mobileApplicationVersionFilePath` | String           | Override the application version for a Synthetic mobile application test.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `pollingTimeout`                   | Integer          | The maximum duration in milliseconds of a test. If the execution exceeds this value, it is considered failed. The maximum accepted is 7 200 000 for 2h.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pollingTimeout`                   | Integer          | The maximum duration in milliseconds of a test. If the execution exceeds this value, it is considered failed. The maximum duration is 7,200,000 milliseconds, or 2 hours.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
